hello and welcome to hi Trix reviews i'm
gerry virginia and right now we're going
to take a look at the bicycle carnival
deck from big blind media this is
another custom deck of cards with a
pretty cool back design and a couple
extra little fancy add-ons that come
just with this deck so let's go ahead
and take a look at them first one right
off the bat at the bottom of the case
you can't really see it because it's so
small but underneath the bar code is a
playing card revelation that says seven
of spades pretty cool little extra thing
if you force a card and have one
selected you can reveal it using the bar
code at the bottom of the case going
inside let's take a look at the cards as
you can see they fan very nicely right
out of the box but great finish on them
nice smooth cuts there are no extra
little things on the outside that you
sometimes see from other custom playing
cards that don't have a really nice cut
on them so it's great comes with two
kind of cool jokers and I'll show you
what they look like a little better with
some close-up images but their skeleton
angel like jokers one of them also is
holding a three of hearts in its hand so
it's another little playing card
revelation some more art is the carnival
ace of spades and all the rest of the
cards are normal they are the
traditional bicycle playing card design
so even the court cards have not changed
their designs they are exactly the same
you also get an advertising card and it
also comes with a double-sided double
back playing card which you can use for
some extra little tricks if you decide
to make this one of your regular
performing decks of cards some people
have read bicycles some people like the
blue and maybe you like the carnival
deck unfortunately the carnival decks
are pretty expensive they run about
eight bucks apiece so expensive deck of
cards but they do have a nice finish on
them some people may like flourishing
with them and you know maybe if you can
get them up with a cool presentation
with the skeletons and whatnot maybe
like a Mardi Gras type themed effect I
don't know if you can come up with some
sort of plot that uses that sort of
storyline but these could be a cool
deck of cards to incorporate that with